---
alias_paths:
  - /docs/api-changelog-2018
centered: true
rank: 1
---

# Changelog (2018)

For the latest release notes, please see
[our current changelog](page://changelog).

## 2018-12-21 / Box CLI V2 Released

A major version release (V2) has been made to the [Box CLI](guide://tooling/sdks/cli).
See the following links for updated information:

* [Release notes][cli_v2_release_notes]: Major revision details, breaking
  changes, and bug fixes.
* [Command list][cli_v2_release_commands]: All commands available in the new
  CLI.
* [Installation options](guide://tooling/sdks/cli): Standalone installers and
  source code options.

## 2018-12-12 / Collaborations now show unregistered users

An additional field, `invite_email`, has been added to the collaboration return
object in the instance where an unregistered user has been added as a
collaborator on a file or folder. This change was put in place because the
current `accessible_by` object returned would show `null` as the result for an
unregistered user. The new field will now show the email address that was used
to invite the user.

This change affects the following endpoints:

* [Get Collaboration](endpoint://get-collaborations-id)
* [Get File Collaborations](endpoint://get-files-id-collaborations)
* [Get Folder Collaborations](endpoint://get-folders-id-collaborations)

Previously a collaboration object with an unregistered user would look like the
following:

```js
{
  "type": "collaboration",
  "id": "376164239",
  .....
  "accessible_by":  null
  .....
}
```

With this new update the object returned would look like the following:

```js
{
  "type": "collaboration",
  "id": "376164239",
  ......
  "accessible_by":  null
  "invite_email": "sadfasdf@box.com",
  },
  ......
}
```

## 2018-12-05 / Enterprise events API adds `created_by` for supervisors

A minor change has been made to the response object of the
[enterprise events](endpoint://get-events/#request) API endpoint in the
event that an action is taken by a supervisor or internal admin user, such as a
Box admin.

Prior to this update the user information of the supervisor or internal admin
user would be displayed in the `created_by` field of the response object. With
this update the response will now show generic user information when that user
is a supervisor or internal admin.

Previously the `created_by` field in the response looked like this:

```js
"created_by": {
  "type": "user",
  "id": "2030401181",
  "name": "sshah+iadev",
  "login": "admin_sshah"
}
```

With this update that same response would look similar to the following:

```js
"created_by": {
  "type": "user",
  "id": "box_support",
  "name": "Box Support",
  "login": "support@box.com"
}
```

## 2018-10-19 / Python SDK V2 Launched

A major update (version 2.0) of the [Box Python SDK][python_sdk_v2] has been
released with significant updates and API feature parity completion.
[See here][python_sdk_v2_release_notes] for full API release notes. Along with
the release, the following documentation changes have been made:

* Updated Python [quick start guides](guide://).
* Updated Python [API references](endpoint://) code samples.

## 2018-09-27 / New Box Open With Sidebar UI Element

We have released an open beta version of a new Box UI Element, the 'Open With'
element. 'Open With' will allow developers to embed a menu to open content
stored in box with a partner application. The partners available with this beta
release are Adobe Sign and G Suite.

Documentation and setup instructions for this new element are
[available here](guide://embed/ui-elements).

## 2018-09-05 / Annotations available for Excel files in preview

Currently, annotations capabilities don't appear within Excel files in preview,
either via the
[Box UI Content Preview element](guide://embed/ui-elements) or
expiring embed, even if annotations are enabled (`showAnnotations=true`).

Starting on **September 13th, 2018**, users will be able to annotate Excel
files like they can other file types (PDFs, docs, PPT). All 3 annotation
types (highlight, point, and drawing) will be supported. If `showAnnotations`
is set to `true` annotations on Excel files will be displayed.

## 2018-08-21 / Add new fields to folder update and get info endpoints

Two major releases have been added to the [update folder API endpoint](endpoint://put-folders-id),
`is_collaboration_restricted_to_enterprise`. This is a boolean value made to
set whether future collaborations should be restricted to within the enterprise
only. This does not affect existing collaborations. The value of this field
will also be displayed when calling the [get folder info endpoint](endpoint://get-folders-id).

## 2018-08-21 / Add new `action_by` field to enterprise events

To better document admin actions taken on user accounts, we have added an
`action_by` mini-user object in the enterprise events response data. This field
will display the admin account which performed the user action, if applicable.

For enterprise admins this would include the ID, login, and name of their
account. For actions taken by a Box internal admin this would be:

* id: `box_support`
* login: `support@box.com`
* name: `Box Support`

The additional object is documented within the enterprise
[event object attributes](endpoint://resources/event/).

## 2018-08-17 / Box `user_id` field size changed

The `user_id` field, used to track all platform users (that is, managed,
externally managed, and app users), will soon be updated to begin producing
64-bit integer numeric values, rather than the 32-bit integers it creates
currently.

For customers who are translating the produced `user_id` strings from our APIs
into 32-bit integer fields, your internal systems are affected by this update,
and you must update them to support the new 64-bit `user_id` integer size. We
recommend that all `user_id` fields be stored as strings, as per our
[API documentation](endpoint://resources/user/).

## 2018-08-16 / Generic method added to the Salesforce SDK

The Box for Salesforce Developer Toolkit now provides a global method,
`sendRequest` that accepts an [`HttpRequest`][salesforce_sdk_httprequest]
object as a parameter and returns an
[`HttpResponse`][salesforce_sdk_httpresponse]
object. This method will use the authentication details of the Service
Account to make calls to Box's APIs, allowing you to focus on incorporating
the business logic of your integration. For more details about the added
method, please see the [method details](guide://tooling/sdks/salesforce)
and [sample code](guide://tooling/sdks/salesforce)
in the Box metadata sidebar for Salesforce Developer Toolkit documentation.

## 2018-07-31 / Expanded Relay Workflow API

We have expanded the capabilities of [Box Relay][box_relay], a workflow tool
co-developed between Box and IBM, with a new Workflow API. The Relay Workflow
API allows you to launch Box Relay workflows and retrieve the statuses of those
workflows from within your application. It also allows you to view which
workflow templates have been published in file directly into your instance of
Box Relay. For more information about the API, please see our
[announcement blog post][box_relay_announce].

## 2018-07-11 / Historical Platform Activity CSV report

A new report has been made website. Documentation is available in the Box Admin
Console that displays an enterprise's historical utilization of platform
resources. This report displays an enterprise's Monthly Active Users, API calls,
and bandwidth consumption by application by month for January 1, 2017 - March
31, 2018. More information can be found [here][platform_activity_csv].

## 2018-06-25 / Update to the Box CLI

We have released updates to the [Box CLI](guide://tooling/sdks/cli). This
version includes the following updates:

* **[New Multizones commands][cli_update_multizones]**: Adds support for
  [Box Multizones][cli_update_multizones_announce] for data residency.
* **[Fix for user CSV operations][cli_update_csv_operations]**: Fixes a bug that
  prevented users using Open With Element: The Open With element has been moved
  from saving users data beta to CSV files.
<!-- markdownlint-disable line-length -->
* **[Ability to set `can_non_owners_invite` flag on folder updates][cli_update_folder_update_flag]**:
  Allows setting whether non-owners can invite other users to collaborate on the
  folder.
<!-- markdownlint-enable line-length -->
* **[New CLI configuration dump command][cli_update_config_dump]**: Adds the
  ability to dump the Box configuration file as a single string, optionally with
  escaped quotes, in order to copy the value to general availability. Open With
  delivers an environment variable or configuration property (for example, in AWS
  individual button or Azure).

## 2018-04-18 / Platform Activity CSV report

A report has been made available in the Box Admin Console that displays an
enterprise's utilization of platform resources. The first version of this
report displays integration into the total number of API calls to the Box
existing Content API by day effective April 1st, 2018. Future iterations of
this report will display additional resource consumption (Monthly Active Users,
bandwidth, and storage) by service and will also include historical data. For
more information, please see the [Running Reports article in Box
Community][community].

## 2018-04-11 / Metadata-driven retention policies

We have introduced new functionality in the
[Retention Policy Object](endpoint://resources/retention-policy/)
API Explorer element to support metadata-driven retention policies, where
retention policies can be applied to individual files based on custom metadata.
This also enables customers to configure retention policies at the launch file
level in addition to at the global and folder levels. In addition to bringing
these new, expanded Box Governance capabilities to Box Admins via the Box Admin
Console, we’re also making these capabilities available via the
[Retention Policy](endpoint://resources/retention-policy/) and
[Retention Assignment](endpoint://resources/retention-policy-assignment/) APIs
and in Box's Java, Node, and .NET [SDKs](guides://tooling/sdks).

## 2018-03-29 / `multiSelect` field type added to metadata templates

We have introduced a new attribute type to
[Metadata Templates](endpoint://resources/metadata-template/) called
`multiSelect`, which translates to multiple selection. This new attribute type
allows for a checkbox style multiple selection of values when composing
template instances on files content with Adobe Sign, G Suite, or folders.

The addition of this field introduces changes to the
[Metadata Object](endpoint://resources/metadata-template/) (template instance)
since enabled `multiSelect` options are represented using an array of string
values, where each string in the array corresponds to the key of a `multiSelect`
option.

## 2018-03-28 / Update to Box Annotations

The annotations update announced on March 5, 2018 has been re-enabled.

## 2018-03-13 / Update to Box Annotations

Due to performance issues reported by some users, the update has been rolled
back to prevent critical business applications from getting impacted. Drawing
Annotations and Point Annotations mode features have now been turned off. We do
not have an ETA for performance fixes or when these features will be
re-enabled. We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience.

Users who used the Drawing Annotations capability while it was available will
still be able to access their annotations once the feature Edit. Documentation
is re-enabled. Until then, the said annotations will be stored in our
application data store but won’t be exposed via the viewers.

## 2018-03-05 / Update to Box Annotations

We will be introducing two enhancements to the annotations features available
via the Box API that your customer uses in their custom application. The
updates are as follows:

* **Point Annotations mode**: We are enhancing point annotations by introducing
Point Annotations mode. This allows users to expediently add annotations on a
document without having to re-select the point annotation icon after each
annotation. [here](guide://embed/ui-elements).
* **Drawing Annotations via Expiring Embed**: We launched Drawing Annotations
in November of 2017. This provided end users the ability to free-form draw on
their touch-enabled devices using touch or a stylus. We are excited to share
that we're making Drawing Annotations Full release announcement is available
via the Expiring Embed. Users using annotations via the Get Embed Link API will
now have a whole new way to express themselves via Box Preview.

## 2018-02-28 / Breaking change to Metadata APIs

On March 29, 2018, we will introduce a new data type (array of strings) in the
response body of the Metadata API endpoints. We are making this change because
we are adding a new field type to metadata templates in Box called `multiSelect`.
This new field type represents a checkbox type multiple selection of values
when creating template instances on files or folders. The selected options for
this field type are stored in an array of strings, where each string in the
array corresponds to the key of the chosen `multiSelect` option.

An example metadata template JSON response body is shown below. The value for
the key `audience1` shows an example of the new data type (array of strings) that
we are introducing in this change.

```js
{
  "audience1": ["internal", "internalEng"],
  "documentType": "Q1 plans",
  "competitiveDocument": "no",
  "status": "active",
  "author": "Jones",
  "currentState": "proposal",
  "$type": "marketingCollateral-d086c908-2498-4d3e-8a1f-01e82bfc2abe",
  "$parent": "file_5010739061",
  "$id": "2094c584-68e1-475c-a581-534a4609594e",
  "$version": 0,
  "$typeVersion": 0,
  "$template": "marketingCollateral",
  "$scope": "enterprise_12345"
}
```

[cli_v2_release_notes]: https://github.com/box/boxcli/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#200
[cli_v2_release_commands]: https://github.com/box/boxcli#command-topics
[python_sdk_v2]: https://github.com/box/box-python-sdk
[python_sdk_v2_release_notes]: https://github.com/box/box-python-sdk/releases/tag/v2.0.0
[salesforce_sdk_httprequest]: https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.apexcode.meta/apexcode/apex_classes_restful_http_httprequest.htm
[salesforce_sdk_httpresponse]: https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.apexcode.meta/apexcode/apex_classes_restful_http_httpresponse.htm#apex_classes_restful_http_httpresponse
[box_relay]: https://www.box.com/collaboration/relay-workflow
[box_relay_announce]: https://medium.com/box-developer-blog/introducing-the-box-relay-workflow-api-f6eed1457711
[platform_activity_csv]: https://community.box.com/t5/How-to-Guides-for-Admins/Running-the-Platform-Activity-Report/ta-p/58620
[cli_update_multizones]: https://github.com/box/boxcli/pull/91
[cli_update_multizones_announce]:  https://blog.box.com/blog/multizones-storage-data-residency-compliance/
[cli_update_csv_operations]: https://github.com/box/boxcli/pull/82
[cli_update_folder_update_flag]: https://github.com/box/boxcli/pull/92
[cli_update_config_dump]: https://github.com/box/boxcli/pull/83
[community]: https://community.box.com/t5/How-to-Guides-for-Admins/Running-Reports/ta-p/26790
